docs(nextjs): educate provider (#1207)
pmndrs/jotai: docs/guides/nextjs.mdx

})
```

## Provider

> Because of the nature of SSR, your app can have more instances existing in JS memory in the same time. You need to wrap your app inside a `Provider` (view more details [in the Core section](../api/core.mdx)) so that each instance has its own state and will not interfere with previous values from a common Provider (provider-less mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because of the nature of SSR, your app can have more instances existing in JS memory in the same time. You need to wrap your app inside a `Provider` (view more details [in the Core section](../api/core.mdx)) so that each instance has its own state and will not interfere with previous values from a default store (provider-less mode).
```

to make a little more precise. Though, we don't often use the term "store" in docs yet.
